GitHub Setup Tutorial

IMPORTANT! If you would like to do anything at all with the code besides just view it (primarily edit), you MUST follow this tutorial!!

1. Create GitHub Account at "https://github.com/".
2. Email me (michelfrancisb@gmail.com) with your username to be added as a collaborator.
3. Download and Install GitHub from "http://windows.github.com/".
4. Click the "GitHub" icon on the desktop and wait for the program to load.
5. Click "Tools">"Options". If someone is signed in DO NOT USE THEIR ACCOUNT! Click "LOG OUT".
6. Click "Add Account" and sign in with your GitHub email or username and password.
7. Type your name and email in the second set of text boxes (below where you entered your username and password) and click "Update".
8. Log in to your account at "https://github.com/login" and navagate to "https://github.com/Techbrick". 
9. Choose the repository you would like to work on, click "Fork" at the right, and choose your username from the pop-up. (Should be the box on the left)
10. You should see a screen that says "Forking repository". Wait for the screen to refresh and show a page with your username and the name of the repository you forked seperated by a slash.
11. Open your GitHub GUI (program) by clicking the GitHub icon on your desktop.
12. Click your username on the left under "GitHub" and click "Clone" next to the repository you would like to work with. (Should be the same one you just forked)
13. Click "repositories" at the left under "Local" and click the small push-pin icon next to the repository you selected. (Won't appear until you mouse over the repository name), then right click the repository you would like to edit and select "Open in explorer".
14. Use the files as you would any others. (Keep the GitHub program open)
15. When you are done, go back to the GitHub program and double click the repository you were editing.
16. Use the text boxes on the left to create a Summary and Description of any changes made. IMPORTANT!: Be as descriptive as possible! While changes are logged, explaining them in your own words is always best.
17. IMPORTANT!: Click "Commit change">"Sync" and wait for all changes to be 'sunk'.
*To sync changes you made and get changes made to the main repository: (Only do these steps if you know your edits work! Best to consult the rest of the team first! in case your changes have been superceded.)
18. Log in to your account at "https://github.com/login" and select the repository you edited under "Your repositories" at the right.
19. Click the small green box on the left (tooltip "Compare & review" appears when you mouse over it), then select "View Pull Request" and select each of the tabs at the top to reveiw your changes.
20. If no conflicts are found, click "Merge pull request" on the "Conversation" tab, descride your changes IN DETAIL! in the text box and click "Confirm merge".
21. (Techbrick and Shared computers only) Click the left arrow at the top left of the window. Click "Tools">"Options">"LOG OUT".

Make sure to SYNC and LOG OUT of GitHub (Tools>Options>LOG OUT) when you are done editing on a shared or Techbrick computer to avoid mis-labeled or tampered-with code! 

If you have any problems email me at michelfrancisb@gmail.com.
